Feature/add doc rename instance (#547)
tembo-io/website: src/content/docs/product/cloud/configuration-and-management/rename-an-instance.mdx

---
sideBarPosition: 9999
sideBarTitle: Rename an instance
title: Rename an instance
description: Rename an instance
---

Find in **Settings > Instance Settings > Name**

![rename-instance](./rename-instance.png)

Click on the **Name** field and enter the new name for your instance.

Click on the **Save Changes** button to apply the new name.

> When you rename your instance, it will show **Updating** in the Tembo Cloud UI. Once the instance is successfully updated, you will receive a notification confirming the update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renaming your instance will not cause downtime. Your instance will go into the **Configuring** status. Once the instance is successfully updated, you will receive a notification confirming the update.
```
